here we are in Canterbury and we've come
to David limpets gallery to see matp
good morning and we've come to see
Matthew Penn signing this most amazing
portrait and it's come up with stairs
wonderful gallery here we come now oh
here's Matthew Lou Roy Mathew for him
where's the painting let's have a look
oh I think it should be that's amazing
square sugar Daisy that's all she come
on over but I just can understand why
would be no square well Matthew there
you go
it was a pretty good sign pressure on
them how long did this creation tightly
the master work
diabetes
Oh
is that method
it's quite a moment well done to
powerful baby with time with that let's
go anymore so if you got to come and
have this amazing work and lots of other
amazing that David's gallery is in
Palace Street in Canterbury